welcome to slash forward
also to the final box set film for the
month honestly i wasn't sure that i was
going to make it and i thank you for
your support along the way in this one
we're looking at the mad monster
an off-kilter werewolf story from 1942.
if you follow me this far all i can say
is i love you and i hope you subscribe
to the channel let's get to it
we open on a young wolf singing her
evening song and lament at the loss of
her mate who is busy in the process of
making a contribution to the advancement
of science
dr cameron is collecting blood for
recombination to be romantically
inserted into his semi-willing test
subject simple pedro he doesn't fully
understand what he's doing here but he
sure is happy to help out
he grows some bitchin mutton chops which
satisfies cameron that the experiment
was a success
so he then takes a moment to give a mock
speech to the hallucinated members of
the science board but this turns from a
dream to a dark memory
as their indignant tongue clucking sends
them into a vengeful mood
determining that petra will become the
implement of their destruction
as an added bonus he presumes this will
prove the efficacy of his serum for
military use and hopes to land a sweet
defense contract after he's done with
his multiple homicide he transforms
petrol back so we can confirm the side
effects which
are mild headache constipation dick rot
and unimaginable waking nightmares of
death and dismemberment
we then meet lenora cameron's daughter
who longs for the days of living in the
big city before her father was disgraced
and ejected from his position she tries
to get a low down on the secret
experiments from petro but despite
utilizing all her feminine wiles he
keeps his lips sealed at the next
experiment cameron goes a step further
releasing petro into the wilderness to
follow his monsterly instincts
nearby in the misty swamp a family of
bumpkins prepares to turn in for the
night their daughter wants to stay up a
little bit later to play with her ball
though
get animal crossing loser as grammy
scares them with stories of creatures in
the night a living nightmare scenario
unfolds as they find their daughter's
ball at rest and that she's been turned
into a pile of red slop he then returns
and the doctor shows that he has some
influence over the monster form when in
a state of exhaustion
news of the murder travels as far as the
big city where lenora's boo
tom tries to work with dr blaine on what
kind of fantastic animal may have done
it shortly after this cameron shows up
with pedro to demonstrate his progress
and help blaine eat his words
he then manufactures an excuse to leave
suggesting coily that dr blaine gives
the final injection in 15 minutes
unless that is he is some sort of an
ignorant [ __ ] and then he leaves to meet
dr fitzgerald inquiring if he'd be
interested in checking out his results
as well
meanwhile blaine administers the serum
and loses himself in his book
this allows the monster petro to do a
little wolfy shuffle over his way and
rip him to shreds
the attack is heard by fitzgerald now
cameron's alibi
and cameron steps in to swipe some
evidence before pulling the old
fake heart attack bit and slipping back
out tom uses his press credentials to
get in and finds an address connecting
these events to the grisly murder in the
swamp
tom shows up surprised to find the
doctor and his girl at the address
having not yet received any
correspondence from her dr cameron makes
it known that his presence is unwelcome
despite the way it invigorates his
daughter's blooming sexuality so tom
leaves but quickly loses the trail
wandering the swamp and eventually
ending up at the site of the murder
where he spends the night
back at the lab petro returns after
spontaneously transforming and cameron
intends to teach him some manners about
doing so without his authorization
as we all know manners are best taught
with a gun but
he still needs him to murder fitzgerald
so he foregoes this lesson
for now the next morning we learn of
another murder and granny starts crying
werewolf which prompts tom to start
connecting some dots
he tries to convince lenora to leave
this place but the doctor assuages his
suspicions by completely changing his
demeanor now acting politely and
inviting tom to a future scientific demo
which is all he really wanted to hear
bitsy arrives that evening and cameron
explains his accomplishments in a
totally
sane manner but he's unable to convince
him of his good work
so when he goes back to town cameron
sends his man back as well to accompany
him pedro begins
going through his changes and since
animals don't understand automotive
safety
at all he aggressively distracts the
driver the men come upon them and drag
the body back to the doctor's house
where they wonder what information may
be revealed when he regains
consciousness
to prevent this from happening cameron
hangs back so we can ensure fitzy
never wakes up the physician arrives and
pronounces him dead so now they have to
spend the night in a storm with a creepy
dead body while they tend to that lenora
breaks into the lab for some snooping
she flips the switch finding petro in
the ante chamber and tom
cheers him in the face then lightning
strikes sets the place on fire pedro
finds his way upstairs where dr
cameron wakes from his nap only to be
put into a state of eternal slumber tom
and lenora then escape as the house
burns to the ground
taking all of its secrets with it
if you've come along for the ride so far
again i thank you but it's not over yet
i'm done with the box set for now but
want to finish the month out strong with
a string of high octane presentations so
check back all next week
at this point it's really hard to
evaluate this movie there have been so
many
transformations secret labs and vengeful
doctors and i can't separate them out in
my mind the mad monster is goofy fun and
maybe worth a watch if you like that
sort of thing and likely definitely
worth seeking out the rift tracks for if
you like that sort of thing
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching